The Brooklyn Nets (11 - 28) defeated the New York Knicks (20 - 21) 110 - 104 on Wednesday. The Nets secured their first victory under interim head coach Tony Brown - - and broke a 10 - game home losing streak - - with some uncharacteristic offense that included a late 10 - 2 run. Brooklyn had astoundingly failed to reach 90 points in four straight games coming into Wednesday, and had not even managed to hit the 80 - point mark in three of those contests. Meanwhile, New York came in sporting a Top 10 - ranked defensive unit in terms of points allowed, but did learn shortly before game time that superstar Carmelo Anthony would sit out with the ankle sprain that had caused him to leave Tuesday's showdown with the Celtics early. Despite an outstanding performance from Derrick Williams off the bench that helped make up for a large part of the points Anthony took with him to the bench, it was a resurgent Nets squad that got key contributions from a combination of starters and reserves that helped key the win. Williams did lead the visitors with a season - high 31 - point performance, his best outing since he amassed the same total versus the Mavericks back on December 9, 2013 while a member of the Sacramento Kings. He also added seven rebounds and a pair of steals over 32 action - packed minutes. Arron Afflalo continued his solid stretch of shooting with 18 points on an 8 - for - 16 effort from the field. He also hauled in three rebounds and added two assists. Jose Calderon made it a productive night for the Knicks backcourt with 16 points, seven rebounds, four assists and a pair of steals. The frontcourt was n't bad either, beginning with rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis, who tallied a 12 - point, 10 - rebound double - double despite only shooting 5 - for - 17 from the field. Robin Lopez also put together a solid game versus his brother Brook, tallying nine points and 12 boards. The Knicks fell to 20 - 21 and are now in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Memphis to face off with the Grizzlies on Saturday. Brooklyn's attack was, as customary, spearheaded by Brook Lopez, who put up 20 points, eight rebounds, five assists, two steals and a block in an inspired performance against his brother, Robin. The most encouraging effort of the night however, may have been that of Thaddeus Young. Mired in a slump over recent games, Young bounced back with an outstanding 19 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included a trio of assists and a trio of steals. It was the first double - double over the last five games for Young, who'd made such performances the norm at one point earlier in the season. Veteran Joe Johnson stuffed the stat sheet with 14 points, seven rebounds, six assists and a steal. Brown also decided to give the starting backcourt of Wayne Ellington and Donald Sloan an opportunity at redemption after a lackluster first game together, and they responded with slightly better production. The former managed 10 points, a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists, while the latter provided eight points, four rebounds, three assists and a steal. However, Sloan was outplayed by the man he usurped for the starting point guard spot, Shane Larkin, as he paced the Nets' bench with 17 points, five assists and a pair of rebounds over 25 minutes. The Nets improved to 11 - 28 and continue entrenched in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a Friday night match - up against the Portland Trail Blazers.
The Atlanta Hawks (1 - 1) defeated the Washington Wizards (1 - 1) 106 - 90 on Tuesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta. After suffering a tough 104 - 98 defeat to the Wizards in game number one, the Hawks started this outing with some added fire and out - scored the Wizards 28 - 20 right away in the first quarter. Throughout the rest of the game, the Wizards slowly made their way back though, closing the gap to just five points with around four minutes left in the game. The Hawks made one final push and responded with a strong offensive run of their own, eventually finishing with an impressive 16 - point victory in front of their home crowd. With the victory, the Hawks tied the series at one win apiece and they'll have the momentum going into game three in Washington. The Wizards shot 43 percent from the field and 55 percent from the three - point line, but with John Wall sitting out due to a wrist injury, they were missing their most important weapon. While it was n't surprising the Wizards could n't overcome the loss of Wall, his replacement, Ramon Sessions, still had a solid showing as a starter. He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a playoff career - high of 21 points, while also adding four assists. While he played well, he still did n't have the playmaking ability that Wall is known for, so it was n't enough to propel the Wizards to a win. Bradley Beal was another reason the Wizards were able to come back after a weak first quarter. Beal finished with 20 points (8 - 22 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 3 FT), five rebounds and seven assists over 43 minutes. Beal has now combined for 48 points, eight assists and four steals over the first two games of this series, so he's been very effective and should continue as the Wizards head back home to Washington. Both Paul Pierce and Otto Porter reached double figures in points as well. Pierce recorded 15 points (5 - 10 FG, 5 - 8 3Pt) and five rebounds, while Porter chipped in with 15 points (6 - 12 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), eight rebounds and five assists off the bench. If Porter can continue to play this well off the bench, he'll only make this Wizards' team even more dangerous once Wall returns. The winner of this game of course was the Hawks though, as their frontcourt was dominant. The trio of DeMarre Carroll, Paul Millsap and Al Horford all helped the Hawks' starting frontcourt to out - score the Wizards' frontcourt 58 - 27. Carroll led the team, finishing with 22 points (9 - 16 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), six rebounds and four assists. He continues to be a surprise for the Hawks considering how consistent he's been throughout the playoffs. He's now posted six straight games with 20 or more points and is averaging 19 points over eight outings this postseason. He only averaged 13 points during the regular season, so he's really elevated his play. Millsap and Horford contributed with 18 points a piece. Millsap added 11 rebounds and four steals, while Horford had six assists and three steals. While not something they're usually known for, the combined steals from both Horford and Millsap helped force the Wizards into sixteen turnovers, while the Hawks committed just 10 of their own. Coming off the bench, Kent Bazemore went a perfect 3 - for - 3 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 10 points over 17 minutes. These two teams will play next on Saturday in Washington for game number three of this best - of - seven series.
The Atlanta Hawks (61 - 22) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (38 - 45) 99 - 92 on Sunday at Philips Arena in Atlanta in their first matchup of the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs. After coming out of the first quarter with a 12 - point lead, the Hawks looked as if they were about to run the Nets right out of the gym and coast to an easy victory. The Nets had something to say about that though, as they eventually went on a nine - point run with eight minutes left in the third quarter to bring it back within three. The Hawks then went on a run of their own, regaining a solid lead over the Nets. The Nets brought it to within four points again with just under two minutes left in the final quarter, but the Hawks proved to be just too much and held on to a seven - point victory despite a strong effort from Brooklyn. The Hawks shot 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line, while the Nets went 46 percent from the floor and 25 percent from deep. Kyle Korver had his shot locked in Sunday, helping to be the spark that the Hawks needed to overcome a strong push from the Nets. Korver went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 5 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points, while also adding seven rebounds and three assists. Korver had hit at least three three - pointers in three of his last four games coming into the playoffs, so it was n't surprising to see him light it up from deep again Sunday. Both Jeff Teague and DeMarre Carroll were essential in the win as well though. Carroll finished with 17 points (5 - 12 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 5 - 5 FT), eight rebounds and three assists, while Teague added 17 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 2 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), three assists and a steal. With Korver shooting so well, it really opened up the court for Teague, who was able to drive the ball with plenty of success. The Hawks received a solid contribution from Dennis Schroder off their bench as well. Schroder was able to give Teague a few breaks, while also producing 13 points (5 - 9 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and two assists over 24 minutes. The Nets were able to keep it close due to the performances from both Joe Johnson and Brook Lopez. Johnson was harassed by the Hawks' crowd in his return to Atlanta, but was able to overcome it with 17 points (6 - 17 FG, 0 - 6 3Pt, 5 - 8 FT), six rebounds and six assists. He was n't able to have very much success with his three - point shot, but he was able to do a little bit of everything else for the Nets. Lopez, on the other hand, recorded 17 points (6 - 7 FG, 5 - 6 FT) of his own, to go along with 14 rebounds and two steals. His 14 rebounds helped Brooklyn secure a 47 - 39 rebounding advantage over the Hawks, while the double - double was his second over his last four games. Also notching a double - double was Thaddeus Young, who posted 15 points (7 - 16 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), 10 rebounds and three assists over 39 minutes. The Nets' frontcourt had plenty of success against the Hawks' defense, but they'll need to do even more if they want to have a chance in this series. Both Deron Williams and Jarrett Jack finished in double figures as well. Williams had 13 points (5 - 11 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT) and four rebounds, while Jack finished with 13 points (5 - 8 FG, 3 - 3 FT) and two assists. These two teams will play again on Wednesday in the second game of a best - of - seven series.
The Dallas Mavericks (49 - 31) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (21 - 59) 120 - 106 on Sunday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. It was another nice victory for the Mavericks, who have now extended their winning streak to three straight games. They're already locked in as the seventh seed in the Western Conference standings, so they'll look to continue to build their momentum with the playoffs on the verge of beginning. The Lakers have been eliminated from the playoffs for quite some time now, but the loss only helps their cause, as a worse record increases the potential for a higher landing spot for the 2015 NBA Draft. With the fourth worst record in the league, it's almost a sure thing they'll get a very high pick come draft day. The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game, going 54 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line, while the Lakers finished at 44 percent from the floor and 38 percent from deep. It was Tyson Chandler who surprisingly led the team in scoring. He went 9 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the free throw line to score a team - high of 20 points, while also adding nine rebounds and two blocked shots. The Lakers were just too young and inexperienced in their frontcourt, as Chandler was able to have a field day. It was just the fourth time all season that he reached the 20 - point mark, so it was easily one of his best offensive performances of the year. Richard Jefferson also gave a solid contribution. In 27 minutes as a starter, he finished with 17 points (4 - 7 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 7 - 9 FT) and three rebounds. He's shot very well over his last two games and has combined for 41 points during that span, so he'll look to keep his confidence high going into the playoffs. Dirk Nowitzki was the third starter in double figures, as he recorded 16 points (5 - 10 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and four rebounds. He's now averaging 19 points over his last seven games. Coming off the bench, Charlie Villanueva added 14 points (5 - 11 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) and four rebounds, while Raymond Felton chipped in with 15 points (7 - 10 FG, 1 - 2 3Pt) and three assists. The Lakers production was very spread out through their lineup Sunday, with seven players reaching double - digit points. Jordan Clarkson led the way, finishing with a game - high of 26 points (9 - 19 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt, 5 - 5 FT), to go along with six assists and two steals. The rookie has been a very nice surprise for the Lakers so far this season, as he's averaged 21 points and 8 assists over his last four games. Clarkson received some help from Wesley Johnson though. Johnson went 6 - for - 9 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score an efficient 16 points over 20 minutes. He had shot below 40 percent from the field in four out of his last five games coming into Sunday, so it was good to see him finally have some better success in this one. While it was n't his best game shooting the ball, Jabari Brown still posted 18 points (4 - 13 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 8 - 9 FT) and two assists over 42 minutes. He's combined for 38 points and nine assists over his last two games, moving his season averages to 10 points and 2 assists over 17 games with the Lakers. The Lakers' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Monday, while the Kings will travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Monday.
The Golden State Warriors (28 - 1) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers (19 - 8) 89 - 83 on Friday. The 2015 Finals rematch featuring two of the very best in the NBA turned out to be more of a showcase for both teams' often underrated defenses. Neither squad was able to put on much of an offensive display, and the game had more of the feel of a grind - it - out Eastern Conference battle, rather than the free - wheeling, high - scoring affairs typically played by the reigning champs. The Warriors shot 41 percent from the field and 28 percent from beyond the arc, with both numbers notably lower than their respective 49 and 42 season figures in those categories. Cleveland fared even worse, draining only 32 percent of their buckets overall, including a paltry 17 percent from long range. Both teams' point totals were also season - low tallies, underscoring how formidable both defensive units can be against top - tier competition. The Cavs were led by Lebron James' game - high 25 points, which he supplemented with nine rebounds, two assists, a steal and a pair of blocks. Despite the solid scoring total, the perennial All-Star was one of the superstars struggling with his shot, sinking only 10 of his 26 attempts. J.R. Smith provided 14 points and did so largely on the strength of one of the game's only solid shooting performances from three - point range (4 of 8). Kyrie Irving continued his journey back from the fractured kneecap he suffered the last time he'd faced this Warriors squad in the 2015 Finals, playing a season - high 26 minutes and managing 13 points, three rebounds, two assists and a steal. Kevin Love helped spearhead Cleveland's outstanding team total of 55 rebounds on the evening by hauling in 18 boards, and pairing them with 10 points in his second straight double - double. Matthew Delladedova paced the Cavaliers' bench with 10 points over 31 minutes. Cleveland fell to 19 - 8 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. The next stop on their West Coast road trip comes on Saturday in Portland, with a showdown with the Trail Blazers on tap. Golden State's offensive attack was paced by Draymond Green, who turned in another one of his trademark stat - sheet - stuffing performances. The 25 - year - old posted his fourth double - double in the last six contests with 22 points, 15 rebounds, seven assists and a pair of blocks over 39 minutes. Green was one of the few players on either team to put together a solid shooting effort, managing a 47 percent success rate from the field, including draining two of his three attempts from three - point range. Stephen Curry followed up his season - low tally of 16 points against Utah on Wednesday by equaling his second - lowest total of 19 points on 6 of 15 shooting. However, the reigning MVP did add seven rebounds, seven assists and a pair of steals. The perpetually dependable Klay Thompson was exemplary once again in his typical supporting role, pitching in with 18 points, six rebounds, an assist and a block. Shaun Livingston was highly productive off the bench with a season - high 16 points, leading the Warriors' reserves. Golden State improved to 28 - 1 and continues to sport the best record in the Pacific Division, Western Conference and the entire NBA. They remain home for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Monday.
The Cleveland Cavaliers (53 - 29) defeated the Boston Celtics (40 - 42) 113 - 100 on Sunday at Quicken Loans Arena in their first meeting of the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs. It was the Kyrie Irving show on Sunday, as he hit shot after shot in his NBA playoffs debut. Not only was he hitting shots, but he was making all the tough ones as well, including a three - pointer with a hand in his face at the buzzer to end the first half, putting the Cavaliers up 62 - 54 at the break. Irving went 11 - for - 21 from the field and 5 - for - 9 from the three - point line to finish with a game - high of 30 points, while also adding three rebounds and two assists. His performance erased any doubts of how he'll play during his first trip to the NBA playoffs. As a team, the Cavaliers shot 45 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line, while the Celtics finished at 47 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep. Irving received a ton of help from the other two members of the "Big Three", as both LeBron James and Kevin Love had strong showings. Like Irving, this also marked Love's NBA playoff debut and he made it count with 19 points (5 - 14 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 7 - 8 FT) and 12 rebounds. His 12 rebounds helped give the Cavaliers a 46 - 34 rebounding advantage over the Celtics. James, on the other hand, finished with 20 points (8 - 18 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT) of his own, to go along with six rebounds, seven assists and two steals. James did n't have to take this game over like he has in years past due to the impressive performance from Irving. With Irving having such a big game, James was able to focus on getting his teammates involved, as his seven assists were a team - high. The Cavaliers also received a solid contribution from their bench, as Tristan Thompson chipped in with 12 points (4 - 6 FG, 4 - 6 FT) and six rebounds in 26 minutes of tough play. Like he's done ever since joining the Celtics, Isaiah Thomas was again the most productive player for Boston. Thomas went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points, while also adding five rebounds and 10 assists in 32 minutes off the bench. Thomas had n't posted double figure assists even once previously this season, so the double - double was a very nice surprise for this team, despite taking the loss. Thomas will need to continue to play like this if the Celtics want any chance in this series, but he'll need to get more production from others, as he did n't get much help Sunday. Kelly Olynyk did everything he could to help Thomas and had a strong first half, but slowed down in the second to finish with 12 points (5 - 7 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt) and two blocked shots off the bench. Both Evan Turner and Brandon Bass reached double figures in points as well. Turner finished with 12 points (4 - 12 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), seven rebounds and five assists, while Bass added 10 points (3 - 6 FG, 4 - 4 FT) and two assists. The Celtics came out in the first quarter playing extremely hard and looking like the more motivated team, but they were n't able to hold off the more talented and experienced Cavaliers, who eventually got into a groove and were just too much for the Celtics. These two teams will play again on Tuesday in Cleveland.
The Indiana Pacers (11 - 5) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (2 - 14) 107 - 103 on Sunday. The Pacers received more than they likely bargained for from a feistly Lakers squad that perhaps played with a bit more fire than usual, following Kobe Bryant's announcement earlier in the day confirming his retirement at season's end. The perennial All-Star appropriately generated some late - game excitement with a clutch three - point shot that closed the deficit for the home team to 104 - 103 with 12 seconds left, but Paul George was able to seal the victory for the Pacers by draining three out of four free - throws in the final 10 seconds. It was fitting that George clinched the hard - fought win, considering that he spearheaded Indiana's offensive attack once again with 39 points, four rebounds, an assist and a pair of steals over 37 minutes. It marked the third consecutive game that the standout forward has been at 33 points or better, including a 40 - point outing. The backcourt duo of George Hill and Monta Ellis also made solid contributions, with both guards posting double - digit scoring performances. Hill amassed 11 points and complemented it with six rebounds, three assists and a pair of steals, while Ellis pitched in 15 points, six assists and a block. After an up - and - down start to his Pacers tenure, Ellis has now posted double - digit scoring in seven of his last eight games. C.J. Miles had a quiet outing by his recent standards, pouring in only nine points, and Ian Mahinmi rounded out the starting five's contributions with eight points and 10 boards in another solid game. Rodney Stuckey paced the Indiana reserves with 11 points, seven rebounds and a pair of assists. The Pacers improved to 11 - 5 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They remain in Los Angeles to face off with the Clippers on Wednesday. Outside of his brief moment of fourth - quarter glory, Bryant turned in another absolutely forgettable shooting effort. He shot only 20 percent from the field, needing all of 20 shots to reach his final output of 13 points. He also added four rebounds, three assists and a steal. Meanwhile, Bryant's heir apparent at his old shooting guard spot, Jordan Clarkson, continued his recent strong play with an outstanding 22 - point, 10 - rebound double - double. Julius Randle, another one of the young stars giving Lakers' brass and fans hope for the future, tallied his third double - double in the last five games with 11 points and 12 rebounds, with all but one of those boards coming on the defensive glass. D'Angelo Russell continued his inconsistent shooting performances, totaling eight points on 4 - of - 11 from the field, and adding seven rebounds and a trio of assists. Roy Hibbert turned in a serviceable effort at the center spot, collecting eight points and hauling in nine boards. Nick Young surprisingly tied Clarkson for the team scoring lead with an unexpected 22 - point night off the bench, following four consecutive games in which he'd only mustered single - digit point totals. The Lakers fell to 2 - 13 and currently reside in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Tuesday.
The Sacramento Kings (24 - 31) defeated the Denver Nuggets (22 - 35) 114 - 110 on Tuesday. A fast - paced, high - scoring affair befitting of both team's explosive offenses and equally vulnerable defenses effectively ended with a highlight defensive play from the best player on the court in DeMarcus Cousins. Although they entered the final period on the short end of a 91 - 77 score, Denver mounted an impressive rally that eventually saw them take a 104 - 103 lead on a three - pointer from D.J. Augustin with 4:5 remaining. The two teams traded the advantage and also drew even multiple times over nearly the next four minutes. After Sacramento managed to open up a slightly comfortable four - point lead, Nikola Jokic made a surprising three - pointer with 10 seconds remaining to close the deficit to a single point once again. Darren Collison made only one of two free throws following a take foul on him by Augustin, leaving Denver with nine seconds to tie or hit a likely game - winning trey. Darrell Arthur appeared to have a clear path to a tying layup after breaking free down court on the inbounds pass, but Cousins made a terrific play to strip the ball and secure the hard - fought victory. Cousins unsurprisingly led the way for the visitors with 39 points, nine rebounds, two assists, a steal and a pair of blocks. Rudy Gay was a distant second with a nevertheless solid 16 points, 10 rebounds, four assists, four steals and three blocks. While no other starter managed double - digit scoring, Rajon Rondo did hand out 12 assists, while two reserves had productive outings. Omri Casspi contributed a near double - double with 14 points, nine rebounds, two assists and a steal, while Willie Cauley-Stein pitched in with 10 points, five rebounds, an assist, a steal and two blocks. Collison and Marco Belinelli supplied a pair of nine - point efforts as well, with the former adding five assists, four rebounds and a steal. Sacramento remains in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division, and three and a half games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets. They're home on Thursday to face off against the San Antonio Spurs. Denver's first unit was led by Danilo Gallinari's 17 points, but he could only add a rebound, an assist and a steal. Nikola Jokic filled out the stat sheet in much more impressive fashion, totaling 13 points, 13 boards, six assists and a pair of steals. Kenneth Faried tallied 13 points of his own, and also chipped in seven rebounds, an assist, a steal and a block. Emmanuel Mudiay supplied 11 points, four assists, a steal and a block. Meanwhile, a Nuggets bench that impressively posted 52 points on the night was paced by 18 from Will Barton, which he complemented with six rebounds and four assists. Arthur had a solid 14 points, five rebounds, four assists and a pair of steals, his final rejected shot notwithstanding. Augustin and Joffrey Lauvergne registered a pair of 10 - point efforts, with the former adding three rebounds, four assists and a steal, and the latter hauling in six boards. The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They face off against the Clippers in Los Angeles on Thursday.
The Toronto Raptors (25 - 15) defeated the Orlando Magic (20 - 19) 106 - 103 in overtime on Thursday afternoon in London. When it was all said and done, the pair of guards who struggled throughout five periods bested the two with the hot hand. In an overtime thriller in London, DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry played as if they'd left their shots back across the Atlantic, going a combined 9 - for - 39 from the field. Meanwhile, the Magic duo of Victor Oladipo and Evan Fournier caught fire, particularly in the second half, to drain 18 of their 31 field - goal attempts. However, despite a game - high 27 points, Oladipo could n't find the net when he needed it most, missing a 27 - foot three - point jumper with two seconds left that almost certainly would've given the Magic a 98 - 96 victory. He then subsequently lost the handle on a drive to the basket with 2 seconds left in overtime as he attempted to tie the game at 105, essentially sealing Orlando's fate. Lowry did manage to lead the Raptors with 24 points despite the subpar shooting performance, as he was able to drain 12 of 14 attempts from the charity stripe. He also hauled in eight rebounds, dished out seven assists, and tallied a block and a steal. DeRozan contributed a modest 13 points, but was outstanding on the boards, posting a season - high 11 rebounds for his first double - double of the season. Jonas Valanciunas matched DeRozan's scoring total and added nine boards, two assists, a steal and three blocks, two of which were key stuffs of Nikola Vucevic in the fourth quarter and overtime, respectively. Luis Scola put together a solid contribution of 11 points, two rebounds and three steals, while three Raptors reserves were highly efficient. Corey Joseph led the way with 19 points, four assists, three rebounds and a pair of steals over a robust 36 minutes, while Bismack Biyombo and Patrick Patterson pitched in with a pair of 11 - point outings. The latter's scoring partly consisted of a trio of three - pointers, which tied him with Scola for the team lead in that category on the afternoon. The Raptors improved to 25 - 15 and remain atop the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head back home to take on the Brooklyn Nets on Monday. Oladipo's 27 points were supplemented by six rebounds, six assists and a pair of steals. Fournier was right on his heels with 21 points, three assists, three rebounds and a steal. Nikola Vucevic posted a 17 - point, 11 - rebound double - double, which he complemented with four assists and three blocks. Tobias Harris nearly matched him point - for - point and board - for - board, tallying 16 on the scoreboard and hauling in 11 off the glass. He also dished out three assists and recorded a steal. Jason Smith was outstanding off the bench in the first half for Orlando with 16 points, but came up empty scoring - wise in the second half and the extra period. He did add five rebounds, four assists and a block. The Magic fell to 20 - 19 and remain in third place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They take the long trip back home to face off against the division - leading Atlanta Hawks on Monday.
The Golden State Warriors (20) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans (0 - 2) 97 - 87 on Monday at Oracle Arena in Oakland in game two of their first round matchup of the Western Conference playoffs. The Pelicans got off to a really quick start in this game, out - scoring the Warriors 28 - 17 in the first quarter, as both Anthony Davis and Eric Gordon finished the quarter in double figures. The Warriors then got a huge spark off the bench in the second quarter from Leandro Barbosa, who scored 10 of his 12 points during that span, helping get the Warriors to a three - point lead at the break. After a tight third quarter, the Warriors finally broke out in the fourth, as Klay Thompson got hot and scored 14 points in the final quarter to help push the Warriors to the 10 - point win and give them the two game advantage in the series. Including scoring 14 in the fourth quarter, Klay Thompson finished the game with a team - high of 26 points, as he shot 11 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from deep. With Curry playing so well early on, Thompson did n't have to do much in the first half, but he really turned it on near the end of the game with a clutch performance in front of an electrifying crowd at Oracle Arena. Curry, on the other hand, posted 22 points (9 - 21 FG, 3 - 9 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT), four rebounds and six assists over 37 minutes. He did n't score at all in the fourth quarter, but he did n't need to with Thompson's emergence. Another player that came up huge for the Warriors was Draymond Green, who time after time made the big play to get the Warriors their momentum back. He notched a double - double and did a little bit of everything in the win, finishing with 14 points (4 - 12 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 4 - 6 FT), 12 rebounds, five assists, two steals and two blocked shots. Andrew Bogut chipped in with 14 rebounds as well, helping give the Warriors a 49 - 42 rebounding advantage. Along with helping the Pelicans get the strong start, both Davis and Gordon ended up as the team leaders in scoring. Davis recorded 26 points (9 - 22 FG, 8 - 8 FT), 10 rebounds and two blocked shots, while Gordon added 23 points (9 - 19 FG, 5 - 10 3Pt) and two assists. Davis was having his way with the Warriors' frontcourt early, but they stepped it up in the second half and held him in check. After feeling a pop in his left knee during game one of this series on Saturday, Tyreke Evans had to leave that game and he never returned. Evans was back in the lineup Monday though and the injury did n't look to hold him back, as he finished with 16 points (4 - 13 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 7 - 12 FT), 10 rebounds and seven assists in a near triple - double effort. If the Pelicans want to get over the hump and come out with a victory in this series, Evans will need to step it up even more in game three. Norris Cole provided a nice contribution off the bench as well, scoring 11 points (5 - 11 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 0 - 1 FT) in 27 minutes. Cole was really the only bench production for the Pelicans though, as the Warriors' bench was much more effective Monday. These two teams will now head to New Orleans to play game three of the series on Thursday.
The Phoenix Suns (34 - 32) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (14 - 49) 106 - 97 on Wednesday at the US Airways Center in Phoenix. The Suns got out to a quick start in this one, grabbing a 25 - 18 lead right away after the first quarter. It remained pretty much even throughout the rest of the game, but the Suns were able to pull off a huge win, as it put them just two and a half games out of the final projected playoff seed in the Western Conference standings. The Suns were the superior shooters in this game, going 50 percent from the field and 25 percent from the three - point line, while the Timberwolves finished at just 44 percent from the floor and a disgraceful eight percent from beyond the arc. The Suns were led by Markieff Morris, who finished with a team - high of 24 points (10 - 15 FG, 0 - 2 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), to go along with three rebounds and two assists in 37 minutes. It was a very nice bounce - back outing for the forward, as he posted just four points on 1 - of - 8 shooting from the field during Monday's game against the Warriors. He's now averaging 15 points and 6 rebounds on the year. Also getting a piece of the action was Eric Bledsoe, who had a great night shooting the ball to finish with 18 points (7 - 14 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and nine assists. It was his second strong showing in a row, as he's combined for 37 points and 12 assists over his last two games. The Suns gained even more of an advantage from their bench in the win, as they were extremely productive. Rookie T.J. Warren had a breakout performance and scored 17 points (8 - 10 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) in just 19 minutes. The Suns drafted him knowing he could score at a high rate, so it's not surprising he was finally able to show a little more of what he's got. Marcus Thornton also reached double figures off the bench, with 14 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT) and four rebounds in 22 minutes. Kevin Martin did his best to keep the Timberwolves in this game. He went 5 - for - 8 from the field and 6 - for - 7 from the free throw line to score a team - high of 16 points. After shooting just 25 percent (2 - 8 FG) from the field in Monday's game against the Clippers, it was good to see him hit on such a high percentage of shots Wednesday. In a solid performance off the bench, Justin Hamilton went 7 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a season - high of 15 points, while also adding three rebounds and two blocked shots. It was a nice surprise for the Timberwolves, as he averages just 3 points per game and has reached double - digit points in just one other game this season. With Kevin Garnett sitting out on a night of rest, Adreian Payne moved back into the starting lineup for the fourth time this season. In 29 minutes, he finished with 10 points (3 - 9 FG, 4 - 4 FT) and three rebounds. Andrew Wiggins did n't have much of an impact either, as he also had just 10 points (5 - 11 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt) and four rebounds. The Suns' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday, while the Timberwolves will travel to Oklahoma City to play the Thunder on Friday.
The Dallas Mavericks (20 - 15) defeated the Sacramento Kings (14 - 21) 117 - 116 in double overtime Tuesday. Through three - plus quarters, the stage appeared set for a hard - fought Mavericks victory. Dallas held a 68 - 60 advantage heading into the final period, and was looking to put away a Kings team playing its third game in four nights and coming off a challenging contest versus the high - octane Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday. However, Sacramento crawled its way back on the strength of rousing fourth - quarter performances from Marco Belinelli, Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins to tie the game at 96 with 13 seconds remaining on a Belinelli 23 - foot three - point basket. After Deron Williams sank a jumper with two seconds left in regulation, Dallas appeared to have sealed the win. However, a driving layup by DeMarcus Cousins at the buzzer sent the game into its first extra period. After an initial overtime that saw both teams fail to score after Dirk Nowitzki tied matters up at 104 with 30 seconds remaining, they battled through a second extra period, with the Kings taking a 116 - 109 advantage with 1:20 on the clock. Despite the steep deficit, the home team fought back to score the final eight points, capped off by Wiliams' own 23 - foot trey at the buzzer to send the Mavs home as weary victors. Sacramento was led by Cousins' second monster performance in as many nights. He tallied a game - high 35 points, and added 17 rebounds, four assists, six steals and a block. Gay was outstanding in his own right, managing 31 points, five rebounds, an assist and a steal. Darren Collison acquitted himself well in subbing for the injured Rajon Rondo (back), posting a 14 - point, 12 - assist double - double, and supplementing it with four rebounds and a pair of steals. Quincy Acy turned in an efficient performance at power forward, collecting 12 points and six boards. Belinelli made some clutch baskets, and contributed 14 points, nine rebounds and three assists to pace the Kings' bench. The Kings fell to 14 - 21 and remain in third place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They head home to face the Lakers on Thursday. Williams shook off an ailing hamstring to lead Dallas with 25 points. He also handed out four assists, while hauling in a pair of rebounds and tallying a pair of steals. Nowitzki pitched in with 23 points, five rebounds and three assists, while Wesley Matthews was sharp from the field, amassing 20 points and adding three rebounds, four assists and two steals. Zaza Pachulia managed only nine points and was the sole Mavs starter that failed to tally double - digit scoring, but he brought down an impressive 17 rebounds and collected five steals. Chandler Parsons had to leave the game after 29 minutes with a hip injury, but managed 10 points and six rebounds during his time on the court. JaVale McGee was outstanding off the bench over just 17 minutes, posting a 13 - point, 11 - rebound double - double. The Mavericks improved to 20 - 15 and remain in second place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to New Orleans to face the Pelicans on Wednesday.
The Brooklyn Nets (6 - 15) defeated the Houston Rockets (10 - 12) 110 - 105 on Tuesday. After a roller coaster first 18 games of the season, the Rockets had finally started to build some momentum as of late, coming into Tuesday having won three straight games. However, the recent positive vibes were extinguished in a mistake - laden performance against the Nets. James Harden turned in a particularly disappointing outing, finishing with a season - low 10 points, his fewest since a nine - point effort last February against the Clippers. The All-Star guard also turned the ball over seven times, equaling his second - highest total on the season in that category. Although he was an effective ball distributor Tuesday - - handing out nine assists on the night - - Harden seemed to hurt more than help by not being aggressive offensively, especially after the Rockets lost Trevor Ariza to a bruised lower back in the first quarter. Corey Brewer and Marcus Thornton were the principal beneficiaries of Ariza's absence, totaling 34 and 26 minutes off the bench, respectively. The former posted a season - high 22 points (including a season - high four three - pointers), along with three rebounds, two assists and three steals. Thornton also managed his best scoring night of the season, amassing 32 points on a season - best 12 field goals and 67 percent shooting from the field. Patrick Beverely and Dwight Howard joined Harden in providing a pair of 10 - point efforts, with the latter coming a rebound short of a double - double. Clint Capela pitched in with a modest six points and nine rebounds. Houston fell to 10 - 12 and currently resides in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They face the Wizards in Washington in the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday. The Nets were led by their outstanding frontcourt duo of Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young, which has often been the case this season, but received strong efforts from their entire starting five. Lopez pitched in with 24 points, eight rebounds, and an impressive five blocks. It was the Nets' big man's sixth contest with over 20 points over the last eight games. Meanwhile, Young managed his best night of the year from the field, draining 10 - of - 13 shot attempts (77 percent) to post 20 points. By adding 12 rebounds (along with five assists), the veteran tallied his fifth double - double in the last six games. The venerable Joe Johnson also had an outstanding night, equaling a season - high 22 points. Bojan Bogdanovic, making his second start in place of injured rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (ankle), provided 19 points and five rebounds. The second - year pro also sank a season - best three buckets from beyond the arc, an encouraging sign given Bogdanovic's struggles with his long - range shot so far in the 2015 - 16 campaign. Jarret Jack closed out an excellent night for Brooklyn's front line by pitching in 10 points and nine assists. The Nets improved to 6 - 15 and reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a matchup with the last - place Sixers on Thursday.
The Golden State Warriors (3 - 2) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies (2 - 3) 98 - 78 on Wednesday at Oracle Arena in Oakland. The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in the first quarter, at one point leading by double - digits. The Warriors came back late in the first though and ended with a one - point lead going into the second quarter. The Warriors then out - scored the Grizzlies 23 - 16 in the second quarter and never let off the gas pedal to finish with a 20 - point win in front of their home crowd. The Warriors finished the game shooting 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line, while the Grizzlies finished at 40 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from deep. The Warriors now have a 3 - 2 lead in the series and a ton of momentum following this dominating performance. With Grizzlies' defensive specialist Tony Allen sidelined with a hamstring injury, Klay Thompson was able to take advantage of a lesser defeneder and lead the Warriors to the victory. He went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points, while also adding four rebounds and five assists. Thompson is dialed in from deep right now, combining to go 9 - for - 16 from the three - point line over his last three games. Fellow superstar and MVP Stephen Curry also played a huge factor in this game. Curry finished with 18 points (6 - 16 FG, 6 - 13 3Pt), seven rebounds, five assists and six steals over 33 minutes. Curry hit five three - pointers for 15 points in the first half alone, but did n't have to do much in the second half considering the Warriors' extensive lead. Defensively, the six steals marked a career playoff - high for Curry as well. Both Harrison Barnes and Andre Iguodala were also very effective though. Barnes finished with 14 points (4 - 8 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 3 - 5 FT) and three rebounds over 33 minutes, while Iguodala added an efficient 16 points (7 - 10 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt) and three assists over 25 minutes off the bench. The Grizzlies, on the other hand, were led by Marc Gasol. Gasol recorded 18 points (8 - 22 FG, 2 - 2 FT), 12 rebounds and six assists, but he did n't receive enough help from the rest of his team. The double - double was his third straight, increasing his series averages to 19 points and 10 rebounds per game. Zach Randolph looked like he was going to have a solid showing after 11 points in the first quarter alone. It turned out to be the exact opposite though, as he hit just one shot the rest of the game and finished with 13 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt), to go along with 10 rebounds over 34 minutes. Randolph had put up at least 15 shot attempts in seven of the first eight games of the postseason, but he's now gone two straight outings with 12 attempts or less. Mike Conley posted 13 points (5 - 10 FG, 0 - 2 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT) and five assists, while Jeff Green recorded 10 points (5 - 13 FG, 0 - 2 3Pt) and four rebounds. The Grizzlies really missed Tony Allen's defense, as they did n't have an answer for the Warriors' hot shooting. Game six will take place on Friday in Memphis.
The Los Angeles Lakers (8 - 27) defeated the Phoenix Suns (12 - 25) 97 - 77 on Sunday. The Lakers have largely suffered through a miserable 2015 - 16 campaign so far, with Kobe Bryant's league - wide retirement tour and the positive vibes it's generated serving as their primary source of pride and optimism. However, Los Angeles has slowly begun showing signs of life in recent games, with their mix of young and veteran pieces starting to gel. With Sunday's dominating victory, a game in which they led by as much as 30 at one point, the Lakers have now won a season - high three straight games. It's their first such streak since last February, and while not a notable winning stretch for most other teams in the NBA, it could certainly be an indicator of a progressively improving squad. Phoenix continues to struggle on offense without Eric Bledsoe, who is out for the season after knee surgery. Backcourt mate Brandon Knight is certainly doing his best to hold down the fort, and led the Suns in scoring Sunday with 25 points and nine assists. It was his second consecutive 20 - point - plus effort, and he's now put up a robust 62 shot attempts over the last three games, a tangible indicator of the offensive responsibility the five - year pro is shouldering. Unfortunately for both Phoenix and Knight, Bledsoe's replacement, rookie Devin Booker, was the only other starter who posted double - digit scoring, managing 10 points and adding four rebounds, an assist and a steal. Mirza Teletovic paced the reserves with 16 points, eight rebounds and an assist, his third straight game with double - digit points. Tyson Chandler (two points), Jon Leuer (four points) and P.J. Tucker (five points) led a parade of underwhelming offensive efforts for the Suns, who also were hampered by a shockingly scoreless outing from T.J. Warren over 21 minutes off the bench. Phoenix fell to 12 - 25 and continues in fourth place in the Westen Conference's Pacific Division. They head home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday. The home team was spearheaded by an explosive performance from two - guard Louis Williams, who collected a season - high 30 points and also equaled a season best by hauling in seven rebounds. The veteran drained a season - best six three - pointers as well, managing his best shooting night from long range on the season (86 percent). Larry Nance, Jr. posted an impressive double - double in support of Williams' effort, posting 15 points and 14 boards. Roy Hibbert (13 points) and Jordan Clarkson (12 points) were the other starters to also reach double - digit scoring, and the pair also stuffed the stat sheet in other categories. The former added six rebounds, three assists and three blocks, while the latter supplemented his points with seven assists, five rebounds, three steals and a block. Brandon Bass led the Los Angeles bench with an eight - point outing. The Lakers improved to 8 - 27 but remain in last place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They'll be home again on Tuesday for a date with the reigning NBA champion Golden State Warriors.
The Brooklyn Nets (27 - 38) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves (14 - 52) 122 - 106 on Monday at the Target Center in Minneapolis. While the Timberwolves have already been eliminated from playoff contention in the Western Conference, the Nets continue to stay alive for a shot in the East. With their second win in a row, the Nets now sit just two and a half games behind the Indiana Pacers for the final projected playoff seed, with plenty of games left in the season to make their way back into the mix. The Nets shot really well in this game, going 58 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line, while the Timberwolves finished at 47 percent from the floor, but an impressive 60 percent from deep. With Ricky Rubio still sidelined with an ankle injury, Zach LaVine continued to run as one of the starting guards for the second game in a row during Monday's loss. He took advantage of the start once again, finishing with 20 points (8 - 15 FG, 4 - 6 3Pt) and three assists in 31 minutes. He just recorded 18 points and six assists in Sunday's game against the Spurs, so LaVine has been making his case for extended playing time. Kevin Martin had a strong showing as well though, posting 20 points (7 - 16 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 6 - 6 FT) and six assists in 32 minutes. He's been shooting the ball well of late, especially from the three - point line, as he's combined to go 5 - for - 8 from beyond the arc over his last two games. The Timberwolves saw some impressive contributions from the bench as well. Chase Budinger had his shot locked in and scored 18 points (8 - 10 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt) in just 26 minutes, while Justin Hamilton posted 15 points (6 - 14 FG, 3 - 3 FT) and six rebounds as well. Despite a season scoring average of 4 points on the year, he 'picked his game up recently and is averaging 14 points over his last four games, while playing extra minutes with so many injuries. The Nets' frontcourt did the bulk of the work for Brooklyn in the win, combining for 57 points. Joe Johnson led the way, as he went 10 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points to go along with five rebounds in just 25 minutes. He's been hitting nearly everything lately, combining to go 16 - for - 24 from the field over his last two games. Thaddeus Young also had a strong showing, finishing with 19 points (8 - 17 FG, 3 - 4 FT) and three rebounds. Since joining the Nets 13 games ago, he's averaging 14 points, 5 rebounds, 1 assists and 2 steals while starting five of those games. Brook Lopez was the third member of the starting lineup in double figures, as he recorded 16 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting from the floor. Coming up big on the bench was both Jarrett Jack and Bojan Bogdanovic. Jack chipped in with 16 points (6 - 10 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and five assists, while Bogdanovic added 21 points (10 - 15 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt) and four rebounds. The Nets' next game will be on the road against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday, while the Timberwolves will travel to Toronto to play the Raptors on Wednesday.
The Cleveland Cavaliers (53 - 29) defeated the Washington Wizards (46 - 36) 113 - 108 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. With 50 seconds left in the game, Kendrick Perkins was able to hit a jumper and put the Cavaliers up two. It was Dejuan Blair who came up big for the Wizards though, banking in a shot to tie the game with just over seven seconds left in the game. Matthew Dellavedova had a chance to win the game at the end of regulation, but he missed and it went to overtime. In overtime, the Cavaliers took control of the game and ended up winning a momentum builder for the playoffs. Both teams had locked up their playoff spots before this game, but we now know for sure who each will play. The Wizards will take on the Toronto Raptors in the first round, while the Cavaliers will play the Boston Celtics. With LeBron James being held out of the lineup and the usual starters getting very limited minutes, it was the bench that took over this game for the Cavaliers. Iman Shumpert and Matthew Dellavedova had the biggest games off the bench. Shumpert went 7 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 18 points, while also adding six rebounds and two steals. Dellavedova, on the other hand, went 6 - for - 11 from the floor and 4 - for - 5 from deep to score 18 points, to go along with 12 assists and two steals. The double - double was the first for Dellavedova on the year, while both his point and assist totals were season - highs as well. Tristan Thompson was the other bench player to reach double figures. In 21 minutes, he finished with 12 points (4 - 7 FG, 4 - 4 FT) and eight rebounds, boosting his April averages to 7 points and 8 rebounds per game over 23 minutes. Playing just 18 minutes with the starters, Kevin Love was still very efficient with his time and chipped in with 19 points (6 - 12 FG, 5 - 6 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and three rebounds before getting most of the night off for rest. Like the Cavaliers, the Wizards rested the majority of their players, as John Wall, Bradley Beal and Paul Pierce were all held out of this matchup. It was Martell Webster who had the biggest outing, as he came off the bench for 20 points (5 - 9 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 7 - 8 FT) and three rebounds over 36 minutes. The 20 points were a new season - high for the forward, as he had yet to break double figures in points during this season. Rasual Butler was another reason the Wizards were able to keep this game close. He finished with 17 points (7 - 19 FG, 3 - 8 3Pt), seven rebounds and two steals, while playing 45 minutes. It was a nice end to the season for Butler, who finishes the year with averages of 8 points and 3 rebounds over 74 games. Both Kevin Seraphin and Ramon Sessions reached double figures in points as well. Seraphin recorded 12 points (6 - 13 FG, 0 - 1 FT), 12 rebounds and three blocked shots, while Sessions added 14 points (4 - 8 FG, 2 - 2 3Pt, 4 - 6 FT) and six assists. This marks the final regular season game for both teams, but each will head into the playoffs which start this weekend.
The Chicago Bulls (18 - 12) defeated the Indiana Pacers (18 - 13) 102 - 100 in overtime on Wednesday. The game was a tale of two halves, with Chicago building a 50 - 40 lead by intermission, largely on the strength of a second period in which they outscored the visitors 29 - 19. However, Indiana came out of the locker room ready to play catch - up in the third period, and clawed all the way back to take a 91 - 89 lead on a Monta Ellis layup with 31 seconds remaining in regulation. Jimmy Butler then made a clutch driving layup for the Bulls at the 25 - second mark to knot things up at 91. Following Ellis' missed 30 - foot three - point attempt with one second remaining, the contest went into the extra period. "Jimmy Buckets" was the hero again for the home team in the "fifth quarter" by notching four points, including a game - winning tip - in with 1 seconds remaining to seal the hard - fought victory. The Pacers' attack was spearheaded by George Hill, who tallied 20 points, seven rebounds, three assists and four steals. Paul George continued his recent string of sluggish performances, collecting 19 points on 7 of 20 shooting, including 3 of 9 from three - point range. It was notably the fifth time in the last six games that George shot under 40 percent from the field, and the tenth time overall in December. Ellis was able to pitch in 13 points and add five assists, a rebound and a pair of steals, while Lavoy Allen posted a double - double in a rare start, collecting 10 points and hauling in 12 boards. Rodney Stuckey led the Indiana reserves with a 13 - point outing. The Pacers fell to 18 - 13 and into third place behind the Bulls in the Eastern Conference's Central Division. They head home for a New Year's Eve showdown with the Milwaukee Bucks. Butler finished with an outstanding 28 points, and added four rebounds, four assists, two steals and a block. He notably visited the free - throw line 13 times, draining 11 of those attempts successfully. Pau Gasol had a relatively subdued but efficient double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds. He also added three blocks and a sole assist, which came on Butler's game - winning shot. While no other starter was able to get into double - digits scoring - wise, two very productive performances off the bench were crucial to Chicago's cause. With Derrick Rose sitting with a sore hamstring, Aaron Brooks showed he had the hot hand early despite yielding the start to Kirk Hinrich, and ended up playing a robust 41 minutes. Brooks tallied a season - high 29 points, and was successful on four of his seven three - point tries. While he did turn the ball over six times, he provided some badly - needed scoring punch in Rose's stead. 2015 first - round pick Bobby Portis also pitched in significantly off the bench with 16 points, seven rebounds, a steal and a block. The Bulls improved to 18 - 12 and are now in second place in the Eastern Conference's Central Division.They remain home for a New Year's Day matchup against the Knicks.
The Oklahoma City Thunder (36 - 13) defeated the Houston Rockets (25 - 24) 116 - 108 on Friday. The showdown between two of the most high - powered offenses in the Western Conference lived up to its billing, with the respective stars on both teams playing an integral part in lighting up the scoreboard. The Rockets held a 58 - 55 lead at intermission, and were scoring with relative ease throughout the first two quarters. However, the Thunder made a concerted effort to clamp down in the second half, a strategy that was largely effective as evidenced by the 38 and 23 percent tallies from the field and three - point range, respectively, that the visitors finished with. The home team also played much more efficiently around the basket, outrebounding Houston 57 to 40 and outscoring them in the paint, 58 - 50. Even after Houston's 80 run cut the Thunder lead to 112 - 106 with 1:20 remaining, Oklahoma City insured that matters would end there by pressing James Harden on his last - gasp, 14 - foot step - back jump shot with 17 seconds remaining and grabbing the subsequent rebound. The Rockets were led by Harden's 33 points, seven rebounds, seven assists, two steals and a block. Corey Brewer was next, registering 17 points, two rebounds, an assist and a block. Although the remaining three starters could only tally single - digit point totals, they made important contributions across the stat sheet. Trevor Ariza managed eight points, six rebounds, five assists, five steals and a block. Dwight Howard tallied eight points and eight rebounds, along with an assist and a pair of steals. However, he was only four of 15 from the free - throw line, and was ejected after amassing two technicals. Patrick Beverley contributed nine points, five rebounds, three assists, four steals and a block to round things out for the starting five, while Clint Capela paced the Houston bench with 12 points, three rebounds and a block. Despite the loss, the Rockets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head home to face the Wizards on Saturday. The Thunder received a pair of outstanding performances from the dynamic duo of Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant. Durant led the team with 33 points, and added 12 rebounds, three assists, a steal and a block. He also had played some solid defense in the second half to help lead the comeback. Westbrook chimed in with a triple - double, amassing 26 points, 14 assists, 10 rebounds, a steal and a block. Enes Kanter was highly efficient off the bench, amassing 22 points, 10 boards, a pair of steals and a block. He notably tallied 12 of his points in the final period, and hauled in the aforementioned final rebound off Harden's miss. Dion Waiters was the only other Thunder player, starter or reserve, to manage double - digit scoring. He collected 16 points and added two rebounds and a steal. The Thunder remain atop the Western Conference's Northwest Division. They face off with the Wizards at home on Monday.
The Miami Heat (7 - 4) defeated the Sacramento Kings (4 - 9) 116 - 109 on Thursday. The Kings found out earlier in the afternoon that they'd lost starting power forward DeMarcus Cousins for the night, due to a suspension stemming from his forearm shot on Al Horford in Wednesday night's contest versus the Hawks. The ripple effect of his absence brought Kosta Koufos and Omri Casspi into the starting lineup for Sacramento, which could have used their All-Star big man, particularly during a valiant effort to close their deficit in the second half. Although they found themselves in a 56 - 46 hole at the half, the Kings did finish with a healthy total of 109 points due to a number of valuable contributions across the lineup. Rajon Rondo held up his end of the bargain trying to keep the Kings offense running on all cylinders, coming within a rebound of a second consecutive triple - double and fourth in five games. The veteran point guard poured in 14 points and 18 assists, while hauling in nine boards for good measure. Rudy Gay supported Rondo's effort with a double - double performance of his own, posting 13 points, 12 rebounds, a pair of assists, and a steal. Meanwhile, Casspi played a season - high 39 minutes and was productive with the extended court time, chipping in with a 16 - point, six - rebound effort. Ben McLemore continued to show signs of offensive life after a rough start to the season, amassing double - digit points (17) for the second consecutive night. Notably, Marco Belinelli contributed a season - high 23 points off the bench in a highly efficient 26 minutes. The Kings fell to 4 - 9 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They next head to Orlando for a date with the Magic on Saturday. The Heat benefited from strong bounce - back efforts from their two veteran stars, Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade. The All-Stars had each suffered through middling performances versus the Timberwolves on Tuesday, but took advantage of their respective favorable matchups against Sacramento. Free of having to bump bodies with Cousins all night, Bosh posted 23 points, 11 rebounds, four assists and a block in one of his most complete performances of the year. Wade stuffed the stat sheet as well, amassing 24 points, six assists, five rebounds and a pair of steals against the Kings' vulnerable shooting guard defense. Hassan Whiteside had a relatively quiet game by his standards and could n't get on the stat sheet until well into the second quarter, but finished with a respectable 12 points, five rebounds, a pair of steals and four more blocks. Much like his Kings shooting guard counterpart Belinelli, Tyler Johnson turned in an impressive performance in a reserve role for Miami, pacing the Heat bench with 19 points over 25 minutes. The Heat improved to 7 - 4 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home for a showdown with the Sixers on Saturday.
The Chicago Bulls (32 - 20) defeated the Orlando Magic (16 - 38) 98 - 97 on Sunday at the Amway Center in Orlando. Down 97 - 96 with just under 10 seconds left in the game, Pau Gasol was able to to throw down a dunk to put the Bulls up one. The Magic went to Nikola Vucevic for the game winner, but he was n't able to convert, giving the Bulls the narrow victory on the road in Orlando. While the Magic were able to out - rebound the Bulls 45 - 35, they were forced into 18 turnovers, which may have been just enough to push the Bulls to win number 32 on the season and keep them a half game ahead of the Cleveland Cavaliers in the Central Division. The Bulls saw huge games from both Jimmy Butler and Gasol. Butler was all over the place, recording a team - high of 27 points (9 - 16 FG, 3 - 4 3Pt, 6 - 6 FT), to go along with five assists and an impressive six steals. He's played extremely well of late, averaging 24 points, 4 steals and 4 assists over his last three games. The six steals also matched a season - high. Gasol, on the other hand, posted 25 points (10 - 16 FG, 5 - 6 FT) and 15 rebounds in 37 minutes. It was his twelfth double - double in a row, pushing his season averages to 18 points and 12 rebounds per game. While slightly over - shadowed by the performances of Butler and Gasol, Joakim Noah had a large impact on this game. He finished with 18 points (7 - 10 FG, 4 - 4 FT), nine rebounds and two steals. It matched a season - high in points for him as well and was great for his confidence offensively, as he had combinded for only three points over his last two games. Derrick Rose notched a double - double with 10 points (4 - 14 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) and 11 assists. The Magic saw six players reach double figures in points, including all five of their starters, but still were n't able to hold off the Bulls. Victor Oladipo finished with a team - high of 18 points (8 - 16 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT), while also adding six assists and two steals. He continues to make a nice contribution defensively, as it was his third straight game recording two steals. He's now averaging 17 points, 4 rebounds and 4 assists on the year. Tobias Harris nearly recorded a double - double, posting 15 points (6 - 17 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 1 - 1 FT), eight rebounds and three steals. He's had a nice three - game stretch where he's averaged 24 points and 8 rebounds per game. The ever so consistent Nikola Vucevic had somewhat of a down game, totaling 14 points (5 - 14 FG, 4 - 5 FT) and seven rebounds in 32 minutes. It was his lowest scoring output since January ninth against the Lakers, so it came quite unexpected. Coming off the bench, Evan Fournier was very efficient with his time and posted 14 points (5 - 7 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), three rebounds and three assists in only 18 minutes. The Magic's next game will be on the road against the Washington Wizards on Monday, while the Bulls will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday.
The Cleveland Cavaliers (51 - 27) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks (38 - 40) 104 - 99 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee. The Cavaliers are now riding a four - game win streak and have clinched the second seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs. The Bucks, on the other hand, are currently the sixth projected playoff seed in the East. Both the Boston Celtics and Brooklyn Nets are just two games back from them though, so they'll need to pick up some important wins over these final four games of the regular season in order to lock up that six seed. Despite suffering the loss, the Bucks were the superior shooting team, going 50 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line, while the Cavaliers finished at 49 percent from the floor and 32 percent from deep. While many teams have been giving their players some time off for rest, coach David Blatt decided to keep his star players in the lineup with a full minutes load Wednesday. Both LeBron James and Kyrie Irving had impressive showings. James finished with 21 points (8 - 15 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 3 - 4 FT), nine rebounds and eight assists, while Irving recorded 27 points (7 - 13 FG, 4 - 8 3Pt, 9 - 11 FT), nine assists and three steals. James has now posted 20 or more points in eight straight games, a stretch where he's averaging 23 points. Irving has put in two impressive performances in a row as well, combining for 54 points, 13 assists and six steals during that span. Kevin Love did his part in the victory, going 7 - for - 14 from the field, but just 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 16 points, while also adding 11 rebounds to notch a double - double. Tristan Thompson posted a double - double off the bench as well, finishing with 11 points (3 - 3 FG, 5 - 5 FT) and 10 rebounds. Michael Carter-Williams had one of his best offensive performances since joining the Bucks. He went 13 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points, while also adding eight assists over 36 minutes. Carter-Williams has struggled with his shot lately, combining to go 7 - for - 22 from the field over his two previous games, so it was a step in the right direction for the guard, who recorded a new season - high in points. Zaza Pachulia had a strong day from the field as well. He finished with 19 points (8 - 13 FG, 3 - 5 FT), 10 rebounds and five steals. The five steals matched a season - high, while the double - double was his second of his last five games. Khris Middleton was hitting nearly all of his shots as well. He posted 16 points, while shooting 7 - of - 10 from the field and a perfect 2 - of - 2 from deep. The only other Buck in double figures was OJ Mayo, who came off the bench for 11 points (4 - 12 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) The Cavaliers' next game will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Friday, while the Bucks will travel to New York to play the Knicks on Friday.
The Houston Rockets (7 - 10) defeated the New York Knicks (8 - 10) 116 - 111 in overtime on Sunday. The Knicks learned before the game that Carmelo Anthony would miss the contest with an illness, setting the stage for additional offensive responsibility for offseason acquisition Arron Afflalo. The veteran shooting guard resoundingly answered the bell, posting a season - high and game - high 31 points on an outstanding 13 - of - 19 shooting performance. Six of those points came in the extra period, as the Knicks pulled even with the Rockets at 111 before Houston was able to pull away. Afflalo's effort was part of a remarkable 58 percent shooting night for the Knicks, which notably accomplished the feat in Anthony's absence. The stellar accuracy rate from the field also was considerably better than the victorious Rockets' 45 percent figure. Kristaps Porzingis supported Afflalo's stellar performance with a huge double - double that consisted of 20 points and 13 rebounds, along with an assist, a steal and a pair of blocks. Lance Thomas also turned in a solid game in a spot start in Anthony's stead, amassing 15 points and three rebounds. However, Jose Calderon (seven points, five rebounds, four assists and a steal) and Robin Lopez (scoreless over 15 minutes, with three rebounds, two assists and a block) could not do much to support New York's offensive cause. Kevin Seraphin paced the Knicks' bench with a 14 - point, seven - rebound outing, his second consecutive double - digit scoring game. Derrick Williams also represented the reserves well, managing 12 points and four rebounds. The Knicks fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They next face the Sixers in a home tilt on Wednesday. Although James Harden once again paced the Rockets' offense with 26 points, seven rebounds and nine assists, it was clutch three - pointers by Marcus Thornton and Trevor Ariza in the fourth quarter and overtime, respectively, that helped guarantee a hard - fought victory. Thornton led Houston's bench with 18 points, an assist and a steal, and drained a long - range bucket with 32 seconds left in regulation to knot the score at 101. Ariza assisted on another Thornton trey in overtime, and then sank his own shot from beyond the arc with 1:12 left in the extra period to close out a 16 - point, seven - rebound night that also included an assist and a pair of steals. Clint Capela put forward another outstanding effort in a spot start in place of Terrence Jones, posting an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double, his second consecutive and third in his last four games. Dwight Howard was the fourth Houston starter to tally double - digit scoring, collecting 14 points and hauling in six boards. The Rockets improved to 7 - 10 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference's Southwest Division. They head to Detroit for a Monday matchup against the Pistons.
The Utah Jazz (24 - 35) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies (42 - 17) 93 - 82 on Tuesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis. In a surprise performance, the Jazz were able to take down one of the best teams in their conference, while notching their third straight victory as well. They were the superior shooters in this one, going 45 percent from the field, while the Grizzlies finished at 40 percent. The Jazz also secured a hefty advantage on the boards, as they out - rebounded the Grizzlies 55 - 37, which may have made the biggest difference in their 11 - point win on the road in Memphis. As they've done all season long, Gordon Hayward and Derrick Favors did the bulk of the work offensively. Hayward went 9 - for - 19 from the field, but missed all six of his three - point attempts, to finish with 21 points, while adding eight rebounds and six assists as well. He's been absolutely awful from deep over his last five games, going a combined 2 - for - 20 from the three - point line during that stretch, but he was able to overcome the poor shooting and still finish above his season scoring average of 20 points per game. Favors, on the other hand, posted 21 points (8 - 14 FG, 5 - 6 FT) of his own, to go along with six rebounds, two steals and three blocked shots. He's stepped it up offensively of late, averaging 19 points and 9 rebounds over his last four games. He's also posted three blocks in each of his last three games. Notching one of his more impressive lines of his season, Rudy Gobert recorded 15 points (6 - 10 FG, 3 - 4 FT) and 24 reobunds in 36 minutes. He looks to be getting more and more comfortable as a member of the starting lineup, posting a double - double in three of his last four games. The rebounds were a season - high. Coming off the bench, Rodney Hood added 13 points (3 - 5 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt, 5 - 5 FT) in 14 minutes. Courtney Lee had the strongest performance of all the Grizzlies' starters. He went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to finish with 18 points, while adding five rebounds as well. One of the more inconsistent players on this team, it was one of his better nights, as he averages just 11 points per game on the season. Marc Gasol also did everything he could to keep the Grizzlies in this game, as he recorded 17 points (6 - 15 FG, 5 - 6 FT) and eight rebounds in 34 minutes. He's had a nice stretch of two games, combining for 44 points and 19 rebounds over that span. Mike Conley reached double figures as well, posting 11 points of his own, but he seemed to struggle with his shot, going just 4 - of - 11 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from deep. Coming off the bench, rookie Jordan Adams added 13 points (6 - 8 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt) in 23 minutes. The points were a new season - high for the rookie. The Jazz's next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday, while the Grizzlies will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday.
The Memphis Grizzlies (50 - 21) defeated the New York Knicks (14 - 57) 103 - 82 on Monday at Madison Square Garden in New York. While the Knicks have already been eliminated from playoff contention, the Grizzlies continue to sit comfortable in the top half of the Western Conference standings. They currently remain two and a half games above the Houston Rockets for the second seed in the West, but also trail the Golden State Warriors by seven games for the top overall seed. The Grizzlies were the much better shooting team in this game, going 52 percent from the field and an impressive 58 percent from the three - point line, while the Knicks ended at just 42 percent from the floor and a meager 22 percent from deep. The Grizzlies' starting frontcourt came up big again Monday, as they combined to score 56 of the 103 total points. Zach Randolph led the way, finishing with a team - high of 23 points (9 - 12 FG, 5 - 6 FT), to go along with seven rebounds and five assists. He's played well of late for Memphis and is averaging 19 points and 7 rebounds over his last five games. Marc Gasol also had a strong showing, posting 21 points (9 - 17 FG, 3 - 5 FT) and eight rebounds over 32 minutes. Gasol shot just 27 percent (4 - 15 FG) from the field during Saturday's game against the Portland Trail Blazers, so it was good to see him have a lot more success on Monday. Jeff Green chipped in with 12 points (4 - 9 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and three rebounds as well. It was Vince Carter and Kosta Koufos who provided a nice push off the bench. Carter finished with 14 points (4 - 8 FG, 4 - 6 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) in 21 minutes, while Koufos recorded 10 points (5 - 7 FG) and five rebounds in 16 minutes. Langston Galloway did his best to keep the Knicks in this game, going 7 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points, while also adding seven rebounds and five assists. He had combined to go 5 - for - 22 from the floor and just 1 - for - 7 from deep over his last two games, so it was a breath of fresh air for Knicks' fans seeing Galloway shoot a little better Monday. Andrea Bargnani did his part as well, posting 18 points (8 - 18 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) and two blocked shots in 31 minutes. He's been one of the more consistent players for this team, averaging 17 points, 4 rebounds and one blocked shot during his last 10 games. With Alexey Shved sidelined with a rib injury, Shane Larkin moved into the starting lineup, but he contributed just four points (2 - 7 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt) and seven assists in 43 minutes. Lance Thomas chipped in with 15 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and two steals, while Jason Smith came off the bench for 16 points (6 - 12 FG, 0 - 3 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and four rebounds. The Grizzlies' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday, while the Knicks will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.
The Indiana Pacers (29 - 34) defeated the Orlando Magic (21 - 44) 118 - 86 on Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. In an all - around dominant performance, the Pacers used a strong second half, where they out - scored the Magic 59 - 39, to finish off the 32 - point victory in front of their home crowd. They shot extremely well in this one, going 53 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line, while the Magic finished at just 37 percent from the floor and a meager 24 percent from deep. With the Pacers hitting 13 more three - pointers than the Magic, they had little to no chance of making a comeback Tuesday. The Pacers got a ridiculous amount of production from their bench, as their bench out - scored the Magics 73 - 18. That effort was led by Rodney Stuckey, who went 13 - for - 19 from the field and 6 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points, while also adding six rebounds and seven assists. It was a new season - high in points for the guard, who's now averaging 19 points and 4 assists over his last six games. Joining Stuckey off the bench was Luis Scola, who recorded 15 points (6 - 8 FG, 3 - 3 FT) and 10 rebounds in just 20 minutes. It marked just his fourth double - double of the season and first since the start of February. He's now averaging 9 points and 6 rebounds on the year. Making just his second career start, Damjan Rudez was forced into the starting lineup, after CJ Miles was a late scratch with a foot injury. He took advantage of the start, hitting nearly everything he shot and finished with 17 points (6 - 8 FG, 5 - 7 3Pt), to go along with five assists. It marked just his sixth time this season reaching double - digit points. George Hill added 13 points (5 - 14 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) and six assists as well. Doing the best he could to keep the Magic close in this game was Tobias Harris, who went off for 22 points (8 - 17 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 5 - 6 FT), six rebounds and two assists in 30 minutes. He's picked his game up of late, and is averaging 21 points and 5 rebounds over his last three games. Victor Oladipo struggled offensively in this one, and scored just 13 points (4 - 12 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), while adding three steals and three blocked shots. He recorded over 20 points in each of his last four games, so it was a disappointing performance for the guard. Rookie Elfrid Payton was in double figures for his third straight game, as he finished with 14 points (5 - 13 FG, 4 - 6 FT), to go along with six assists. Over that three - game stretch, he's averaging 14 points, 6 rebounds and 8 assists, as he's done a little bit of everything for the Magic during that span. Nikola Vucevic chipped in with 13 points (6 - 10 FG, 1 - 2 FT) and five rebounds as well. The Pacers' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday, while the Magic will travel to Milwaukee to play the Bucks on Wednesday.
The Minnesota Timberwolves (11 - 40) defeated the Detroit Pistons (20 - 32) 112 - 101 on Sunday at the Palace of Auburn Hills. A good portion of this victory can be placed on the Timberwolves' fast start, as they out - scored the Pistons 61 - 51 in the first half. The Timberwolves also used their superior shooting, considering they went 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line, while the Pistons finished at 47 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc. Giving them even more of an advantage, the Timberwolves also out - rebounded the Pisonts 40 - 35, helping them to steal a victory on the road, something they had done only four other times so far this season. The Timberwolves saw six players reach double figures in points, including all five starters. Nikola Pekovic was absolutely unstoppable, recording a game - high of 29 points (9 - 16 FG, 11 - 12 FT), while adding three rebounds and two steals. It was a season - high in points for him, as he had yet to surpass the 20 - point mark in the 20 games he's played so far this year. Kevin Martin also had a very strong showing, recording 24 points (9 - 21 FG, 0 - 6 3Pt, 6 - 7 FT), nine rebounds and three steals. The three steals marked a new season - high for him as well, contributing to a solid defensive performance. Going 6 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line, rookie Andrew Wiggins posted 18 points, to go along with eight rebounds and five assists. It was his second straight 18 - point performance, pushing his season average to 15 points per game. Both Thaddeus Young and Mo Williams did their part in the win. Young had 16 points (6 - 7 FG, 2 - 2 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and four assists, while Williams recorded 11 points (2 - 7 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 5 - 6 FT) and nine assists. Depite the loss, D.J. Augustin put up another impressive performance, finishing with 20 points (7 - 16 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT), and eight assists in 35 minutes. It was the fourth time in his last five games that he's had 20 or more points, a five - game stretch where he's averaging 21 points and 10 assists. Despite having trouble defending Pekovic, Andre Drummond still posted some solid numbers. He went a perfect 8 - for - 8 from the field to score 17 points, to go along with 14 rebounds, two steals and two blocked shots in 28 minutes. It marked his fifth straight double - double, while also being the fourth time in the last five games that he's had at least two blocked shots. Coming off the bench, Anthony Tolliver had the most production, finishing with 15 points (4 - 8 FG, 3 - 7 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and four rebounds. Both Greg Monroe (5 - 11 FG, 5 - 6 FT) and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope (6 - 15 FG, 2 - 8 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) each had 15 points as well. The Timberwolves' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday, while the Pistons will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Tuesday.
The Indiana Pacers (25 - 34) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers (13 - 46) 94 - 74 on Sunday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. The Pacers got out to a quick start in this game, grabbing a 59 - 46 lead at half, therefore giving them a comfortable lead for the rest of the game. Along with the hot start, the Pacers were also the superior shooters, going 41 percent from the field, compared to the Sixers who finished at just 35 percent. The Pacers forced the Sixers in 18 turnovers, while committing just 14 of their own, which may have also played a big factor in the win. George Hill had a strong showing on Sunday, finishing with a team - high of 17 points (8 - 16 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt, 0 - 2 FT), to go along with nine rebounds and four assists. He was coming off a triple - double on Friday, where he recorded 15 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists, so he continued to put up some solid numbers over all three categories in this one. Hill also received some help for Roy Hibbert, who posted 14 points (5 - 12 FG, 4 - 5 FT), 15 rebounds and five blocked shots in 31 minutes. The double - double was his first since the start of February, while he also made a huge impact on the defensive side of the ball, as he continually kept the Sixers out of the lane. The Pacers did see a bunch of production from their bench as well, with both Rodney Stuckey and Luis Scola reaching double figures in points. Scola had 15 points (7 - 12 FG, 1 - 1 FT) and six rebounds, while Stuckey posted 12 points (4 - 13 FG, 1 - 2 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), four assists and three steals. Stuckey has had a nice couple of games in a row, combining for 31 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists over his last two. The Sixers really struggled to get it going offensively. Robert Covington had the most production, finishing with 12 points (5 - 11 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt) and three rebounds. He could've had more, but he had to leave the game late in the third quarter after suffering an elbow contusion. Nerlens Noel also did whatever he could to give the Sixers a boost. In 34 minutes, he recorded 10 points (2 - 8 FG, 6 - 6 FT), 12 rebounds and three blocked shots. The double - double was his second in a row, as he's combined for 24 points and 25 rebounds over that span. He's now averaging 9 points and 7 rebounds on the season. The third member of the starting lineup to reach double figures was Jason Richardson. Richardson finished with 10 points (4 - 12 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), three reobunds and two steals in 26 minutes. After shooting over 44 percent in each of his last two games, he really struggled this time around, going just 33 percent from the field and a meager 20 percent from beyond the arc. Ish Smith added 11 points (5 - 13 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt), four rebounds and five assists in 24 minutes off the bench. The Pacers' next game will be at home against the Knicks on Wednesday, while the Sixers will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Monday.
The Sacramento Kings (28 - 53) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers (21 - 60) 102 - 92 on Monday at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento. With both teams already eliminated from the playoffs, this game was more about getting a look at players in anticipation of next season. It also cemented the Lakers with the fourth worst record in the league, meaning they'll have the fourth best odds to win the first overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft. The Kings won this game in the fourth quarter, where they went on a huge run to out - score the Lakers 27 - 18. The Kings also secured the shooting advantage, finishing at 49 percent from the field, while the Lakers ended at 42 percent. With DeMarcus Cousins and Rudy Gay being shut down for the rest of the season, Omri Casspi continued to take over as the leader of this team. He went off for a game - high of 26 points (7 - 14 FG, 2 - 5 3Pt, 10 - 13 FT), while nearly notching a triple - double with nine rebounds and six assists as well. Over his last five games, he's averaging an impressive 22 points, 6 rebounds and 4 assists. Coming off the bench, Derrick Williams had a strong showing as well. He went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 20 points over 29 minutes. Like Casspi, he's been relied upon to pick up the slack without Cousins and Gay, as he's averaged 16 points over his last five games. Jason Thompson came up with a 10 - point (4 - 8 FG, 2 - 4 FT), 10 - rebound double - double, while also recording three blocked shots. It marked the third time over his last four games reaching double - digit rebounds. Both Carl Landry and Ray McCallum reached double figures as well. Landry had 14 points (5 - 7 FG, 4 - 4 FT) and three rebounds over 19 minutes, while McCallum added 12 points (5 - 11 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and five rebounds over 28 minutes. Rookie Jordan Clarkson was again one of the few Lakers to have some success. He went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points, to go along with five rebounds, six assists and five steals. Clarkson has already earned himself a role for this team next year, but he continues to improve his numbers late in the season, averaging 22 points and 7 assists over his last five games. Jabari Brown also played well in the loss, finishing with 18 points (6 - 17 FG, 1 - 6 3Pt, 5 - 6 FT) and seven assists over 46 minutes. It marked his third straight game with 18 points or more, as he's pushed his season averages to 11 points and 2 assists over 18 games with the Lakers. The only other Laker in double figures was Jordan Hill. Hill posted 18 points (9 - 19 FG) of his own, while adding six rebounds and four assists. The Lakers had only seven players available for this game, as they are dealing with a ton of injuries. These two teams will play each other again on Wednesday in each team's final game of the season.
The Washington Wizards (15 - 16) defeated the Orlando Magic (19 - 14) 103 - 91 on Friday. The Wizards have been more reliant than ever on All-Star point guard John Wall over the last three - plus weeks while Bradley Beal has been sidelined with his lower leg injury, and he has largely responded in fine form. While veteran Garrett Temple has generally done a solid job in Beal's stead, he has considerably cooled off since a three - game stretch in mid - to - late December where he tallied over 20 points in each contest. It was Wall's turn to save the day again Friday, as he led Washington to a 31 - 19 fourth quarter that allowed them to pull away from the pesky Magic. The 25 - year - old impressively tallied 12 points and five assists in the final period to spearhead the Wizards' offensive attack and secure the victory. Orlando's leading scorer was a pleasant surprise in a couple of ways, considering he played a reserve role and had been hunting for a breakout game for some time. Victor Oladipo served as the Magic's top gun Friday, collecting 20 points and adding five assists, a rebound and four steals over 31 minutes. It was notably the 23 - year - old's first 20 - point - plus effort since Dec. 5 against the Clippers, a stretch of 12 games prior to tonight. Nikola Vucevic led the starters with 14 points and seven rebounds, but slowed down after a relatively fast start against the tough defense of Marcin Gortat. Tobias Harris did manage a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds, and Evan Fournier somewhat underwhelmed with a sluggish 11 - point, three - assist, two - rebound outing. Elfrid Payton (three points, seven assists, a rebound and a steal) and Channing Frye (four points, six rebounds, two assists) simply could n't get anything significant going to help Orlando's cause. The Magic dropped to 19 - 14 and momentarily reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, a position that could drop down one slot should the Miami Heat defeat the Mavericks later in the evening. Orlando heads to Cleveland for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Saturday. Wall led Washington with an overall tally of 24 points, 13 assists, two rebounds, a pair of steals and a block. It was remarkably his eighth straight double - double and 11th in the last 12 contests. Otto Porter, Jr. contributed double - digit points and rebounds as well, managing 20 points and 11 rebounds, and adding three assists, four steals and a block, his third straight 20 - point - plus outing. Gortat joined the double - double parade with 10 points and 14 rebounds, while Temple pitched in with 11 points and three assists. Ramon Sessions and Kris Humphries paced the Wizards' bench with 13 and 11 points, respectively. The Wizards improved to 15 - 16 but are still entrenched in last place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Sunday.
